[Music]
hi everyone I said girl Kimball hearts
and I'm back with a youtube video and
I'm going to be talking a review on the
company here Vivi hey I'm gonna give you
some pros some cons and everything in
between
the unit half of my head is the Victoria
pre pluck front lace wig straight human
here the hair type of Brazilian the
lymph is a sixteen natural color is
thirty here that city is 100 and 130
percent cap size construction is a 4.5 4
and a half inch space unit cap size is
small the knots are bleached and an
elastic band so maybe I should take this
low so you guys could actually see it
this is not the cap they sent me but I
just like broadcast this is the last get
elastic band inside
it doesn't like it was dumb if a machine
looked like it was just hand
hand-stitched
sixteen inch natural color yeah
somebody put this bad boy back on my
head so you can stop looking at me with
this way kappa can't look like this
okay so pros to this hair is that this
is a 16 inch honestly I really never I
didn't really measure so I don't know if
it really is enough but um to me I like
it because sorry hold on it's past my
boobies so it's pretty long but I am 5
feet even maybe found one but um yeah I
like the look of it it looks pretty
natural um obviously this is my here
right this my little these are my edges
right here so you really can't get that
um yeah looks pretty natural the hair is
soft it smells really good and yeah I
have to wash it and see how it comes
back and everything yeah
we'll cons the cons yeah um so this unit
obviously everyone knows hair VV takes a
while so I ordered this on November 25th
and I received it on December 22nd which
is about a month but I feel like I
already knew he was gonna take forever
okay yes that's it that's cool you know
everybody knew that when I got the unit
I was excited to try to ruin everything
he's only um and I did a little part and
then I was like oh
okay wait hold on okay looks pretty
pretty what what's that over bleach
knots hmm
so then I was like oh nah yeah heavy
it may look you might you probably could
see a little bit and yeah I think I'm
bugging up because it's honestly not
terrible but if I part a unit I part my
unit and I go like and I see the white
yeah Lord it just gets to me like do you
see that do you do you see that is it me
am i bugging out please let me know if
I'm gonna um that's crazy right from
people from here like doesn't my part
looks wide you can doesn't look natural
I don't to me it doesn't to me it looks
like it's really wide and my bucket is
it me
what's that back there nope definitely
too long mm-hmm nope I'm like I get it
like you guys do me a favor but I mean I
I paid $15 for this and this that's a
no-go to me I don't think okay that's
this right here isn't even in the part
this is my hair that's the hair okay so
when you know when the company offers
bleach knots I feel like they're not
show you bleach I get it everyone is an
expert on bleach or not however I'm
paying money for this service so I feel
like this service should be up to par
with what I'm paying for especially when
I can do this under $15 easily you know
um you you can see you can see the
blonde you can definitely see I just
think they left it on my unit too long
I'm not really
I love the unit I hate the bleach so I
contact the hair movie and I let them
know how I felt about you know and their
customer service obviously timezone
different so when I email them at night
they'll email me the next day in the
morning very forth like I'm wearing
whatever cool they always respond back
however they just they just suck like
I'm telling you I my units over bleached
and she's telling me that if I took off
my unit and put it on my skin I can see
it will resemble a scalp
yeah it would but um oh it's still over
bleached to me
I would just like you know some type of
incentive like I'm sorry you know we
really don't know where we're doing it
look at this
no it shouldn't be up there like now I
have to buy die and take time out to to
fix something that was just supposed to
be put on and go right here VV yeah you
do everything for us no like I have to
fix this I am NOT going outside like
this and maybe yeah something um I was
like yeah that's right
you can I can get away with it I
probably could get away with it but I
don't like it like that like to me is
just a tat just Ted mmm just a little
you know might be Mooji just a little
just a little bit nothing crazy but come
on man anyways that's really MA it's
really just a time Larry knew the time
so just the least nots but overall I
love the company I probably would really
still order from them again it's just
these naps I just won't get it bleach I
just will save my $15 I don't get a
wheat and everything will be all right
look at this
I'm so sad yeah probably like I mean
like just go crazy never out this week
but now I don't like it I love the wig
don't like the beach okay
payal thanks for watching listening to
me ramble doma my problems